fix(gateway/request-validator): mention format keyword only supported in draft4 version (#7928)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/request-validator/overview/_index.md

**Note**: To learn more, see [Lua patterns][lua-patterns].

> #### Semantic validation for `format` attribute (only supported in draft4 version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Semantic validation for `format` attribute

{:.important}
> This feature is only supported in JSON Schema Draft 4.
```
